update release manual for scalafix rules (#4582)
spotify/scio: site/src/main/paradox/migrations/v0.12.0-Migration-Guide.md

+ scoll.saveAsBigQueryTable(table)
```

> Note: you can run the following sbt command to run the relevant [scalafix](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/docs/developers/tutorial.html#run-the-rule-from-source-code) rules to update your code and/or get some guidance to fix the code: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you can run the following sbt command to run the relevant [scalafix](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/docs/developers/tutorial.html#run-the-rule-from-source-code) rules to update your BQ API usages or get a hint on how to upgrade them: 
```

scoll.write(PubsubIO.withAttributes[String](topic, idAttribute, timestampAttribute))(PubsubIO.WriteParam())
```

> Note: you can run the following sbt command to run the relevant [scalafix](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/docs/developers/tutorial.html#run-the-rule-from-source-code) rules to update your code and/or get some guidance to fix the code: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you can run the following sbt command to run the relevant [scalafix](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/docs/developers/tutorial.html#run-the-rule-from-source-code) rules to automatically update deprecated Pub/Sub API usages: 
```

Author: well it's not always automatics updates, for lint it is just warning in the logs
